AdditionDeletion
Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
