Converse substitution
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council.
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
In a major setback to consumers, a federal judge granted the government's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
Every day more American soldiers die.
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
