Non-paraphrase
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.
In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.
