Punctuation changes
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
For example, Anhalt said, children typically treat a 20-ounce soda bottle as one serving, although it actually contains 2 ½ 8-ounce servings.
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.
