Semantic based
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.
Later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.
On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson said it was "inconceivable" that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers, including 1,100 mechanics.
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.
A Lamar mother arrested Saturday in Colorado Springs is accused of drowning her two children in a bathtub before slitting her wrists.
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
From California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.
